Stat Panel: Update docs (#65639)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/stat/index.md

## Value options

> Use the following options to refine how your visualization displays its value/s:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following options to refine how your visualization displays its values:
```

### Show

> Displays a single value per column or series, or shows values for each row.

Reviewer: to be more consistent with how the other options are described at the high level: as an action you, the user, can take vs what action the system is taking
```suggestion
Display a single value per column or series, or show values for each row.
```
